Whistler Blackcomb is actually the
biggest ski resort in North America it's
over 8,000 acres of skiable terrain the
ski season actually starts in November
it's one of the longest in North America
so it goes from November until the end
of May usually we have everything from
beginner runs to expert runs we actually
have two full mountains which are
connected via the peak-to-peak gondola
so it really allows our guests to
experience both mountains in one day
we are built for a skier we are steeped
in ski out you literally walk steps to
your hotel apres ski or restaurants the
GLC is one of the most popular locations
it's got a lovely patio overlooking the
mountain and people are ordering
everything from nachos to Caesar's which
is definitely the most popular app for a
drink mr. black homes got 17 places on
both mountains where you can eat there's
so much to do in Whistler the dining the
shopping the activities there's
something for everybody whether you have
is you're coming here with your family
there's so much to with in Whistler and
outside of Whistler we have free
Wednesday family night where you can go
ice skating see the dogs from the dog
sleigh Sunday nights we have welcome
night where you can see skiers jumping
through flaming hoops with fireworks
we're located very close to the city of
Vancouver and we find a lot of people
find that an attraction in itself
Whistler Blackcomb was actually the host
venue during the Winter Olympics during
February of 2010 so guests can actually
ski down the same run to the same turns
and the same drops as the Olympians did
so you're in fact tracing their step
being able to ski the same run that
people competed on in low in picks it's
it's a pretty cool feeling
what makes Whistler Blackcomb so special
is just the the endless terrain that we
have here is the epic peaks and to the
the mellow runs we have something for
everybody here
if we have a family who is wanting goat
in certain areas of the mountain you can
be rest assured that all this the top of
every lift that you will have a tract
that everyone is able to go on
we have lessons for all ages and all
levels we have little ones that start
skiing as young as three years old it's
pretty amazing as you think you're going
pretty good down the hill to have a
little one whip right Pat's you want a
set of skis
aside from it being a massive amount of
terrain available for skiers and riders
our staff is what really makes the
mountain our lift ease are some of the
friendliest lifts these that you can
find anywhere and everyone just seems to
be happy and enjoying living in this
environment
you